hello it's Rudy and today I am going to
be showing you what I received for my
birthday 2018 so I actually turned 18 on
the 17th of May which seems absolutely
absurd because I do not feel all's
enough to say that I'm a legal adult but
that is beside the point they had a
really lovely day I was actually at
school of my birthday this year because
we don't break up for study we've until
the 25th of May and I was so happy that
I was actually at school on my birthday
but kids I haven't been at school on my
birthday since I was 13 so that's five
years and I really love being at school
on my birthday so I'm really happy that
my very last year I was able to be at
school and then in the evening my
grandparents came round and we sat in
the garden and we bread and olives and
listened to music it was really lovely
of course before I do begin I am going
to say that I'm not trying to show off
in making this video I am so incredibly
grateful for everything that I received
and I would still and I would have I
would feel grateful even if I had not
received any of this because I still had
a wonderful day as I said I just want to
put that out there first as well as I
did get lots of requests to film this
video and so hopefully you do enjoy this
video so I'm going to start with things
for my parents and then I will share
things from other people it's gonna be
quite random how I go through our I'm
gonna start by showing my main present
so this is something that I actually
asked for and it is even more incredible
than I thought it would be so I received
a Victorian writing slope and I put it
up to show you what it's like so
basically it's this really lovely walnut
box and I believe that this is late 19th
century but it might be Ilia early 20s
so you unfolded and it looks like this
some people used to travel they would
take this with them and they could bring
it as a portable desk and they could
write
and as you can see this face here for
your pens and nipped pens and then also
bottles of ink and this came with it and
they are so pretty and it's so
old-fashioned as I love all the fashion
things so I already use I've actually
used that I was studying outside and I
decided to lean on it oh and then also
if you open up this these compartments
here there's one here and then one here
as well where you can just still keep
work and pens and things and this is
honestly so beautiful and I'm super
grateful to receive this it's a good
thing that I'll be able to keep forever
and I just think it's so pretty and I
love the way that it looks in the room
as well so then the next thing that I
received is also quite old fashioned
it's this little toothbrush Cup with all
of these beautiful bees on it so my mum
actually calls me B it's my nickname
what was when I was little and this is
just so so pretty it's from India Jane
I've never had a toothbrush cut before
but I think that they're really
aesthetic and I've really enjoyed using
this so far
so then the next thing that I received
was two sets of candlesticks the first
ones I've used white ones with gold
polka dot fun and the second ones are
these blue and white striped ones which
look like lighthouses as my mom printed
out then the next thing that I received
is this beret it's really pretty rose
blush color that's what it looks like
and I really love berries I used to have
this brown one but when we went up to
the British Library I left it on my
seats and then we came back and it had
gone so we're not sure somebody might
have picked it up and we we went to lost
property a couple of times and they were
looking around for maybe about 40
minutes but we couldn't find it and I
was really upset because I really loved
my brown berry but I think I actually
like this one even more this was from a
burner if you
wondering so then the next thing that I
received from my parents is this and it
is a passport holder slash travel
organizer and it says just that it says
just the first-class ticket and it's
really a static it's not this really
beautiful print on it and then on their
own size
it's got lots of compartments so there's
a place here that you can put like I
don't know ID like driver's license or
something and then you can put your
cards and then in here those place for
currency tickets documents and then
hotel and then a place of your passport
and then there's a pouch here as well
and some coins and your pan as well and
it's so so pretty so then the next thing
that I received is this it's a postcard
box from Kiki K which is one of my
favorite shops and it's basically got 12
postcards in it and then it's got this
little wooden frame so you can just put
the postcard in and I pop it up on your
desk and it's just got motivational
quotes on so this one says embrace the
ordinary with enchantments and that's
Yoda Parkins and I've been using this on
my desk every day so then I got a few
things from the white company which
again is one of my favorite shops so the
first thing I got was this spa relax and
restore PulsePoint gift set so basically
their mixtures of aromatherapy oils my
mom and I went into a white company to
me and I tried on the sleep pulse point
and it literally made me so sleep it's
the middle of the day and I just felt
exhausted it was so funny I'm not sure
whether it was a placebo effect but it
seemed to work and I really wanted to go
it but it was a little bit pricey so
there's a relax and a restore definitely
not going to even open this one up so
then the next thing from the white
company which I received is this mini
candle and this is in fast so like fiery
pine is one of my favorites and I love
the scent of fir trees Christmas trees
so I love this candle
so much and even though it's spring over
he burnt it then I got one last thing
from the white company but it's
downstairs so I'm going to show you that
in a second so then the next thing which
I received is this cookbook 15-minute
vegan which we actually have at home but
my mum bought me this for university so
that I can try the recipes when I'm not
at home oh I've always wanted to quickly
show you this card that my parents
bought me because I love cards so much
and this one's just so pretty
it's got Tim cake on it and it's just
from a static so again from etk I
received this letter back which has 40
writing sheets and 20 and the notes this
is what it looks like so it's just got
paper here and then stickers and
envelope tips and then this is from the
same range as that last thing from ptk
which is a flower lovers kit and I love
my Malaga skip so much I bought one
about two or three years ago and I just
loved it so much and so I am really
happy to receive this honor this lotus
eath preserve face cream from fresh
which is my favorite face cream and I've
got really sensitive skin so I find it
really tricky to find face creams which
don't make my skin more red and
irritated because it's just so sensitive
I know I can't I can't use simple or
anything because it just it inflames my
skin so I used my mom bought me this one
two years ago and I've just run out of
it so um she bought me another one then
the next thing which I received is this
and it is from M&S and it's a powder
puff so then the next thing that I
received is this soothing foot exerciser
so it's basically like a foot massager
thing I put this for public which means
that my feet can hurt and a quite a lot
so this will hopefully be really helpful
and stop my few from hurting so much so
I'm just going to quickly last you sure
you'd be clothes that my parents bought
me so the first thing is this top return
wearing at the moment so this is from
Abercrombie then also from Abercrombie I
receive this dress which I wore
yesterday and it's so comfortable and I
really love the print because it's
rather old-fashioned
and then lastly from Boden these are
kind of cool lot shorts so they are
shorts that it looks like a skirt that I
also receive underwear I received this
underwear so now it's a bit later so I'm
sorry if the lighting is slightly
different but now I'm going to show you
what I've received from my sister so the
first thing my sister bought me is this
prisoner of azkaban pencil case which is
so cool I think she bought on depop and
it's just got series blacks prisoner
number on it then Martha probably two
books so the first one is this one which
is called standing in the rainbow which
looks pretty good and she also bought me
the art of happiness a handbook for
living which is by the Dalai Lama and
Howard C Cutler and this looks pretty
good
I've never even heard of it before but
I'm looking forward to reading it oh
actually this book is from my mum which
is history of the rain by Nile Williams
which again looks very good oh my
goodness my system probably the most
amazing gift which is cat's eye by
Margaret Atwood which is my favorite
book of all time and if you've been
watching my videos for a while you might
really you might have realized I do talk
about this book quite a lot it's just so
beautifully written and it's so
interesting how it deals with the idea
of time and kind of reconciliation how
our childhood experiences shape us as
adults it's so good and if you haven't
already read it I strongly urge you to
do so because it is just stunning
so I own it on Kindle and I've read it
maybe three times on Kindle I really
wanted a hard copy of the book and I
have no idea that I was receiving this
but when I opened up I can tell you that
my sisters have done very well with
presents because this might very well be
my favorite gift that I received so and
the next thing that my sister bought me
is this body shop almond milk and honey
gifts that so comes in a very nice box
and then on the inside you can see that
that is a shower gel a body butter a
hand cream and then one of these cysts
thing is again from my sister and it is
this book from Kiki K which is how to
write the perfect speech so this gift is
very thoughtful because the end of every
academic year at my school the head girl
gives a speech to all of the parents
girls and governors and this will be a
very useful aid in helping me to write
that speech so it's basically it's got
some tips at the start and then it goes
through and at home here before you
begin helps you plan it then it helps
you draft it as well and this will be
really really helpful it's a very good
gift so then my sister bought me a boost
makeup and it is this prism jelly
highlighter face mask which is from soap
& Glory and it's a vitamin C face mask
and it's white flower brightening
complex with lotus flower cherry blossom
and rooibos tea extract their next she
bought me this bath bomb which is the
but herbal bath bomb from lush then she
bought me two other bath bombs these
ones and mini ones from the body shop so
this one is coconut and this one is
green tea she knows me very well because
again these are two of my favourite
scents then next she bought me this from
lush which is the tooth fairy which is a
strawberry tooth powder I think it might
be like chief whiting powder I'm not
sure but I'm excited to try this out so
another thing that my parents bought my
dad bought me 40 cans of this whole
earth organic sparkling cranberry drink
which is my favorite drink you can't buy
the normal supermarkets anymore they
used to sell it when I was little and we
always got it and I really and I really
liked having it but then they stopped
stocking it in all of our local
supermarkets so my dad bought it
directly from whole earth and now we've
got 40 cans in our fridge but it's more
like 30 now because we've all been
drinking them if you ever see these
being sold we definitely recommend
getting one
so then this next thing is from my dad
so he bought me this really nice rating
paper this is the mating paper itself
which is really good for greetings cards
because it folds nicely over it's kind
of thinner in the middle so that you can
get a perfect fold my dad was they
brought me so much it seemed it was from
this company here
it's couse meaty and he knows that I
really like my chest so he bought me
some plain matcha tea and also this is
downstairs so I'm going to just show you
a picture of this but my dad also bought
me a teapot from the white company and
it is a glass teapot so it's completely
see-through and it looks really modern
on my desk it just looks really
minimalist and uncluttered and it
doesn't it's not kind of distracting
because I don't really like putting
stuff on surfaces because it just makes
your room too distracting and you can't
concentrate as well when you're walking
and then I'm just gonna quickly show you
what my grandparents bought me so my
grandparents are really generous and
they gave me some money and to go along
with that they also bought me this book
which is book terms 45 paradises of the
printed word and it's a book of amazing
book shops and kind of cities of ruling
of the young book shops in them that you
can decide to visit if you really want
to and I think this is a really great
present for tiding 18 because they know
how much I've every day now that I'm an
adult I might be able to actually see if
I can visit some of these places and
it's just such a thoughtful gift I mean
plus the color of the spine is just
gorgeous this fun fact is my favorite
color so now I'm gonna quickly show you
what I received from my auntie uncle and
cousins so so they brought me this
really lovely picture you can see it
behind me I've hung it up so this is by
Cristina Malin and she's got a YouTube
channel you might be subscribed to it
she's an amazing artist for her January
birth channel spread she did this
amazing journey of a bunny in bath and
this is one of the one of the drawings
that she did in her planner design and
she sells it on her
website my cousin's aunt and uncle were
really really kind and bought me one of
the prints and then they got it framed
in this gorgeous frame I love that
picture and thank you so much if you're
watching this so then from Alfie and
Alan who are my cousins
um they each brought me a present as
well which was really really lovely of
them so from my cousin alfy he bought me
this book which is the relatively
difficult puzzle universe which is very
funny you could say because of the
relative like relativity and especially
because it's puzzles inspired by Albert
Einstein so basically this is the book
of loads of griddles and my cousin and I
were kind of going through and seeing if
we could do some of them in the
restaurant yesterday and they're really
great mind games you know just get your
brain working and then from my little
cousin Alan so she bought me this and
this is so thoughtful it's such a lovely
gift and it's something that I will be
able to bring to university and hang up
my room that um it's this little
butterfly China decoration and it says
do what makes your heart smile my auntie
was telling me that Anne was looking
around the shop looking for the perfect
one because she wanted to get me one
like this but she wanted to get one with
the perfect message and I think it is
quite a perfect message I've got to say
so that all of the gifts that I received
to my birthday this year and I feel
incredibly grateful I received so many
lovely gift and I feel so grateful to
everyone who bought me a gift an
incredible thought that went into buying
these gifts so thank you for watching
this video I hope that you enjoyed
watching it and I hope that you have a
productive week